---
layout: post
title:  "Sails"
date:   2016-06-08 13:35:30
categories: allen.hu update
---

#  Sails

[Sails](http://sailsjs.org/) The web framework of your dreams. Built for developers by clownfish.

What Is Sails.js?

Sails makes it easy to build custom, enterprise-grade Node.js apps. It is designed to emulate the familiar MVC pattern of frameworks like Ruby on Rails, but with support for the requirements of modern apps: data-driven APIs with a scalable, service-oriented architecture. It's especially good for building chat, realtime dashboards, or multiplayer games; but you can use it for any web application project - top to bottom.

Features:

Sails is the most popular MVC framework for Node.js. It is designed for building practical, production-ready Node.js apps in a matter of weeks - not months.

100% JavaScript:
Building on top of Sails means your app is written entirely in JavaScript, the language you and your team are already using in the browser.

Any database:
Sails bundles a powerful ORM, Waterline, which provides a simple data access layer that just works, no matter what database you're using.

Powerful associations
Sails offers a new take on the familiar relational model, aimed at making data modeling more practical.

Auto-generate REST APIs
Sails comes with blueprints that help jumpstart your app's backend without writing any code.

Easy WebSocket Support
Sails translates incoming socket messages for you, they're automatically compatible with every route in your Sails app.

Resusable security policies
Sails provides basic security and role-based access control by default.

Front-end agnostic
Sails is designed to be compatible with any front-end strategy; whether it's Angular, Backbone, iOS/ObjC, Android/Java, Windows Phone, or something else entirely.






