---
---
layout: post
title:  "libuv"
date:   2016-05-31 13:35:30
categories: allen.hu update
---

#  libuv

[libuv](http://docs.libuv.org/en/v1.x/) is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it’s also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others.

[libuv book](http://nikhilm.github.io/uvbook/index.html)


epoll on Linux, kqueue on OSX and other BSDs, event ports on SunOS and IOCP on Windows.

 libuv uses a thread pool to make asynchronous file I/O operations possible, but network I/O is always performed in a single thread, each loop’s thread.


 libuv currently uses a global thread pool on which all loops can queue work on. 3 types of operations are currently run on this pool:

1. Filesystem operations
2. DNS functions (getaddrinfo and getnameinfo)
3. User specified code via uv_queue_work()

[asynchronous-disk-io](http://blog.libtorrent.org/2012/10/asynchronous-disk-io/)

## Thread pool work scheduling

libuv provides a threadpool which can be used to run user code and get notified in the loop thread. This thread pool is internally used to run all filesystem operations, as well as getaddrinfo and getnameinfo requests.

Its default size is 4, but it can be changed at startup time by setting the UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE environment variable to any value (the absolute maximum is 128).

The threadpool is global and shared across all event loops. When a particular function makes use of the threadpool (i.e. when using uv_queue_work()) libuv preallocates and initializes the maximum number of threads allowed by UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE. This causes a relatively minor memory overhead (~1MB for 128 threads) but increases the performance of threading at runtime.


Note Note that even though a global thread pool which is shared across all events loops is used, the functions are not thread safe.

* API

```
int uv_queue_work(uv_loop_t* loop, uv_work_t* req, uv_work_cb work_cb, uv_after_work_cb after_work_cb)
```
Initializes a work request which will run the given work_cb in a thread from the threadpool. Once work_cb is completed, after_work_cb will be called on the loop thread.

This request can be cancelled with uv_cancel().


## Error handling

In libuv errors are negative numbered constants. As a rule of thumb, whenever there is a status parameter, or an API functions returns an integer, a negative number will imply an error.

* API

const char* uv_strerror(int err)
Returns the error message for the given error code. Leaks a few bytes of memory when you call it with an unknown error code.

const char* uv_err_name(int err)
Returns the error name for the given error code. Leaks a few bytes of memory when you call it with an unknown error code.

## Version-checking macros and functions

Starting with version 1.0.0 libuv follows the semantic versioning scheme. This means that new APIs can be introduced throughout the lifetime of a major release. In this section you’ll find all macros and functions that will allow you to write or compile code conditionally, in order to work with multiple libuv versions.

* API

unsigned int uv_version(void)
Returns UV_VERSION_HEX.

const char* uv_version_string(void)
Returns the libuv version number as a string. For non-release versions the version suffix is included.

## Event loop

The event loop is the central part of libuv’s functionality. It takes care of polling for i/o and scheduling callbacks to be run based on different sources of events.

* Data types

uv_loop_t
Loop data type.

uv_run_mode
Mode used to run the loop with uv_run().

typedef enum {
    UV_RUN_DEFAULT = 0,
    UV_RUN_ONCE,
    UV_RUN_NOWAIT
} uv_run_mode;
void (*uv_walk_cb)(uv_handle_t* handle, void* arg)
Type definition for callback passed to uv_walk().


* API

int uv_loop_init(uv_loop_t* loop)
Initializes the given uv_loop_t structure.

int uv_loop_configure(uv_loop_t* loop, uv_loop_option option, ...)
New in version 1.0.2.

Set additional loop options. You should normally call this before the first call to uv_run() unless mentioned otherwise.

Returns 0 on success or a UV_E* error code on failure. Be prepared to handle UV_ENOSYS; it means the loop option is not supported by the platform.

Supported options:

UV_LOOP_BLOCK_SIGNAL: Block a signal when polling for new events. The second argument to uv_loop_configure() is the signal number.

This operation is currently only implemented for SIGPROF signals, to suppress unnecessary wakeups when using a sampling profiler. Requesting other signals will fail with UV_EINVAL.

int uv_loop_close(uv_loop_t* loop)
Releases all internal loop resources. Call this function only when the loop has finished executing and all open handles and requests have been closed, or it will return UV_EBUSY. After this function returns, the user can free the memory allocated for the loop.

uv_loop_t* uv_default_loop(void)
Returns the initialized default loop. It may return NULL in case of allocation failure.

This function is just a convenient way for having a global loop throughout an application, the default loop is in no way different than the ones initialized with uv_loop_init(). As such, the default loop can (and should) be closed with uv_loop_close() so the resources associated with it are freed.

int uv_run(uv_loop_t* loop, uv_run_mode mode)
This function runs the event loop. It will act differently depending on the specified mode:

UV_RUN_DEFAULT: Runs the event loop until there are no more active and referenced handles or requests. Returns non-zero if uv_stop() was called and there are still active handles or requests. Returns zero in all other cases.
UV_RUN_ONCE: Poll for i/o once. Note that this function blocks if there are no pending callbacks. Returns zero when done (no active handles or requests left), or non-zero if more callbacks are expected (meaning you should run the event loop again sometime in the future).
UV_RUN_NOWAIT: Poll for i/o once but don’t block if there are no pending callbacks. Returns zero if done (no active handles or requests left), or non-zero if more callbacks are expected (meaning you should run the event loop again sometime in the future).
int uv_loop_alive(const uv_loop_t* loop)
Returns non-zero if there are active handles or request in the loop.

void uv_stop(uv_loop_t* loop)
Stop the event loop, causing uv_run() to end as soon as possible. This will happen not sooner than the next loop iteration. If this function was called before blocking for i/o, the loop won’t block for i/o on this iteration.

size_t uv_loop_size(void)
Returns the size of the uv_loop_t structure. Useful for FFI binding writers who don’t want to know the structure layout.

int uv_backend_fd(const uv_loop_t* loop)
Get backend file descriptor. Only kqueue, epoll and event ports are supported.

This can be used in conjunction with uv_run(loop, UV_RUN_NOWAIT) to poll in one thread and run the event loop’s callbacks in another see test/test-embed.c for an example.

Note Embedding a kqueue fd in another kqueue pollset doesn’t work on all platforms. It’s not an error to add the fd but it never generates events.
int uv_backend_timeout(const uv_loop_t* loop)
Get the poll timeout. The return value is in milliseconds, or -1 for no timeout.

uint64_t uv_now(const uv_loop_t* loop)
Return the current timestamp in milliseconds. The timestamp is cached at the start of the event loop tick, see uv_update_time() for details and rationale.

The timestamp increases monotonically from some arbitrary point in time. Don’t make assumptions about the starting point, you will only get disappointed.

Note Use uv_hrtime() if you need sub-millisecond granularity.
void uv_update_time(uv_loop_t* loop)
Update the event loop’s concept of “now”. Libuv caches the current time at the start of the event loop tick in order to reduce the number of time-related system calls.

You won’t normally need to call this function unless you have callbacks that block the event loop for longer periods of time, where “longer” is somewhat subjective but probably on the order of a millisecond or more.

void uv_walk(uv_loop_t* loop, uv_walk_cb walk_cb, void* arg)
Walk the list of handles: walk_cb will be executed with the given arg.

##
## DEBUG

node debug test.js

node --debug-brk test.js



## Linux 下调试工具

strace: 跟踪系统调用，左边是函数，参数，右边是返回值

strace在linux下用来跟踪某个进程的系统调用
在solaris下，对应的是dtrace
在mac下，对应的命令是：dtruss


 sudo dtruss node debug -p 55126

 [Parser/Serializer for V8 debugger protocol](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/Debugging-Protocol)

 kill(59526, SIGUSR1)

 kill -s SIGUSR1 -n SIGUSR1 59567   需要root权限


## Libuv book

* Example

```
#include <stdio.h>
#include <uv.h>
int64_t counter = 0;
void wait_for_a_while(uv_idle_t* handle) {
counter++;
if (counter >= 10e6)
uv_idle_stop(handle);
}
int main() {
uv_idle_t idler;
uv_idle_init(uv_default_loop(), &idler);
uv_idle_start(&idler, wait_for_a_while);
printf("Idling...\n");
uv_run(uv_default_loop(), UV_RUN_DEFAULT);
uv_loop_close(uv_default_loop());
return 0;
}
```
##  --prof

node.cc
```
if (v8_is_profiling) {
    uv_loop_configure(uv_default_loop(), UV_LOOP_BLOCK_SIGNAL, SIGPROF);
  }
```

uv-common.cc

```
int uv_loop_configure(uv_loop_t* loop, uv_loop_option option, ...) {
  va_list ap;
  int err;

  va_start(ap, option);
  /* Any platform-agnostic options should be handled here. */
  err = uv__loop_configure(loop, option, ap);
  va_end(ap);

  return err;
}


static uv_loop_t default_loop_struct;
static uv_loop_t* default_loop_ptr;


uv_loop_t* uv_default_loop(void) {
  if (default_loop_ptr != NULL)
    return default_loop_ptr;

  if (uv_loop_init(&default_loop_struct))
    return NULL;

  default_loop_ptr = &default_loop_struct;
  return default_loop_ptr;
}

```
