---
---
layout: post
title:  "EasyNode How to upgrade from Node 5.9.0 to Node 6.1.0"
date:   2016-05-05 13:35:30
categories: allen.hu update
---


hujiabaos-MacBook-Pro:easynode hujiabao$ cnpm install
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
npm WARN deprecated jade@1.10.0: Jade has been renamed to pug, please install the latest version of pug instead of jade
(node:45316) fs: re-evaluating native module sources is not supported. If you are using the graceful-fs module, please update it to a more recent version.
npm WARN deprecated graceful-fs@3.0.8: graceful-fs v3.0.0 and before will fail on node releases >= v7.0. Please update to graceful-fs@^4.0.0 as soon as possible. Use 'npm ls graceful-fs' to find it in the tree.
npm WARN deprecated jade@0.26.3: Jade has been renamed to pug, please install the latest version of pug instead of jade
npm WARN deprecated graceful-fs@2.0.3: graceful-fs v3.0.0 and before will fail on node releases >= v7.0. Please update to graceful-fs@^4.0.0 as soon as possible. Use 'npm ls graceful-fs' to find it in the tree.
npm WARN deprecated lodash@1.0.2: lodash@<3.0.0 is no longer maintained. Upgrade to lodash@^4.0.0.



hujiabaos-MacBook-Pro:easynode hujiabao$ npm ls graceful-fs
easynode@0.1.12 /Users/hujiabao/workspace_docker/easynode
+-- gulp@3.9.1
| `-- vinyl-fs@0.3.14
|   `-- graceful-fs@3.0.8
`-- mocha@2.4.5
  `-- glob@3.2.3
    `-- graceful-fs@2.0.3


    先不升级，继续使用 v5.9.0，等个6～8个月，再用新版本

npm view bufferutil dependencies
{ bindings: '1.2.x', nan: '^2.0.5' }
hujiabaos-MacBook-Pro:easynode-ipc hujiabao$ npm view bufferutil repository.url
git+https://github.com/websockets/bufferutil.git


iconv2.2.0->nan->bindings->bufferutil

nan

cnpm , npm , g++, node-gyp

node add-on 如何编写

* a series of node.js

# node-gyp

Node.js native addon build tool.

node-gyp is a cross-platform command-line tool written in Node.js for compiling native addon modules for Node.js. It bundles the gyp project used by the Chromium team and takes away the pain of dealing with the various differences in build platforms. It is the replacement to the node-waf program which is removed for node v0.8. If you have a native addon for node that still has a wscript file, then you should definitely add a binding.gyp file to support the latest versions of node.

Multiple target versions of node are supported (i.e. 0.8, 0.9, 0.10, ..., 1.0, etc.), regardless of what version of node is actually installed on your system (node-gyp downloads the necessary development files for the target version).

npm install -g node-gyp

If you have multiple Python versions installed, you can identify which Python version node-gyp uses by setting the '--python' variable:

$ node-gyp --python /path/to/python2.7

## How to use

1. To compile your native addon, first go to its root directory:

 cd my_node_addon

 2. The next step is to generate the appropriate project build files for the current platform. Use configure for that:

 node-gyp configure

 3. node-gyp build

 Now you have your compiled .node bindings file!

 ## The "bindings.gyp" file

* Hello World

bindings.gyp

```
	 {
	  "targets": [
	    {
	      "target_name": "binding",
	      "sources": [ "src/binding.cc" ]
	    }
	  ]
	}

binding.cc

```
	#include <node.h>
	#include <v8.h>

	void Method(const v8::FunctionCallbackInfo<v8::Value>& args) {
	  v8::Isolate* isolate = args.GetIsolate();
	  v8::HandleScope scope(isolate);
	  args.GetReturnValue().Set(v8::String::NewFromUtf8(isolate, "world"));
	}

	void init(v8::Local<v8::Object> target) {
	  NODE_SET_METHOD(target, "hello", Method);
	}

	NODE_MODULE(binding, init);

test.js

```
'use strict';
require('../../common');
var assert = require('assert');
var binding = require('./build/Release/binding');
assert.equal('world', binding.hello());
console.log('binding.hello() =', binding.hello());



[course](http://nodeschool.io/zh-cn/)
[gyp user documentation](https://gyp.gsrc.io/docs/UserDocumentation.md)
[binding.gyp files out in the wild](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp/wiki/%22binding.gyp%22-files-out-in-the-wild)

# v8-profiler

node bindings for the v8-profiler


# Local Development

Mac， 下载镜像有困难
Zhapn1，挂载的node_modules有问题
 node_modules从不同的位置加载

从镜像容器拷贝目录到宿主机
docker rm  -f icp_dev & docker run -ti --name icp_dev  -p 8888:8888 -v /home/hjb/icp/easynode-ipc:/usr/src/app --workdir=/usr/src/app/bin --env ENV=DEVELOP -e CONFIG_URL=http://apollodev.nos.netease.com/14619299513621460634933637145933930494711 -e PORT=8888 hub.c.163.com/hujb2000/icp:0.0.40  ./start.sh

docker run -ti --name icp_dev  -p 8888:8888 -v `pwd`:/usr/src/app --workdir=/usr/src/app/bin --env ENV=DEVELOP -e CONFIG_URL=http://apollodev.nos.netease.com/14619299513621460634933637145933930494711 -e PORT=8888 hub.c.163.com/hujb2000/icp:0.0.81  ./start.sh


docker run -ti --name icp_dev  -p 8888:8888 -v `pwd`:/usr/src/app --workdir=/usr/src/app/bin --env ENV=DEVELOP -e CONFIG_URL=http://apollodev.nos.netease.com/14619299513621460634933637145933930494711 -e PORT=8888 hujb2000/easynode:6.2.0  ./start.sh

docker run -ti --name icp_dev  -p 8888:8888 -v `pwd`:/usr/src/app --workdir=/usr/src/app/bin --env ENV=DEVELOP -e CONFIG_URL=http://apollodev.nos.netease.com/14619299513621460634933637145933930494711 -e PORT=8888 hujb2000/easynode:6.2.0  ./start.sh


supervisor -w ../src -spid /var/tmp/icp.pid  sh dev_start80.sh

dev_start.sh

CONFIG_URL='/usr/src/app/config.json'  ENV=DEVELOP PORT=8888  sh  start_dev_servers.sh


# App empty dependencies, easynode full dependencies
mac: npm 3.8.6   linux npm 3.8.6  安装easynode 能够是依赖扁平化
mac: cnpm 3.2.1  linux npm 4.2.0  安装easynode 仅安装一个，没有依赖扁平化




```_dev.sh

[2016-05-09 10:08:13.871] [ERROR] root - Error: /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by /usr/src/app/node_modules/ursa/build/Release/ursaNative.node)
    at Error (native)
    at Object.Module._extensions..node (module.js:568:18)
    at Module.load (module.js:456:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:415:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:407:3)
    at Module.require (module.js:466:17)
    at require (internal/module.js:20:19)
    at bindings (/usr/src/app/node_modules/bindings/bindings.js:76:44)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/usr/src/app/node_modules/ursa/lib/ursa.js:18:37)
    at Module._compile (module.js:541:32)
    at Module._extensions..js (module.js:550:10)
    at Object.require.extensions.(anonymous function) [as .js] (/usr/local/lib/node_modules/babel-cli/node_modules/babel-register/lib/node.js:166:7)
    at Module.load (module.js:456:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:415:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:407:3)
    at Module.require (module.js:466:17)
Error: /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by /usr/src/app/node_modules/ursa/build/Release/ursaNative.node)
    at Error (native)
    at Object.Module._extensions..node (module.js:568:18)
    at Module.load (module.js:456:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:415:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:407:3)
    at Module.require (module.js:466:17)
    at require (internal/module.js:20:19)
    at bindings (/usr/src/app/node_modules/bindings/bindings.js:76:44)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/usr/src/app/node_modules/ursa/lib/ursa.js:18:37)
    at Module._compile (module.js:541:32)
    at Module._extensions..js (module.js:550:10)
    at Object.require.extensions.(anonymous function) [as .js] (/usr/local/lib/node_modules/babel-cli/node_modules/babel-register/lib/node.js:166:7)
    at Module.load (module.js:456:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:415:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:407:3)
    at Module.require (module.js:466:17)
icp backend servers started!

usraNative.node

# Docs

## Guides

### Easy profiling for Node.js Applications

Since  Node.js 4.4.0 the node haved built in profiler tools uses the [profiler inside v8](https://developers.google.com/v8/profiler_example) that facilitate the consumption of this information without separately building V8 from source.

Let's see how the built-in profiler can help provide insight into application performance.

NODE_ENV=production node --prof app.js 评估如何 在node运行过程中动态开关--prof参数

stress test:

ab -k -c 20 -n 250 "http://localhost:8080/auth?username=matt&password=password"

Since we ran out application using the --prof option, a tick file was generated in the same directory as your local run of the application. It should have the form isolate-0xnnnnnn-v8.log(where n is a digit).

In order to make  sense of this file , we need to use the tick processor bundled with the Node.js binary. To run the processor, use the --prof-process flat:

```
node --prof-process isolate-0xnnnnn-v8.log > processed.txt

```

### Working with Different Filesystems

case sensitivity, case insensitivity, case preservation, Unicode form preservation, timestamp resolution, extended attributes, inodes, Unix permissions, alternate data streams etc.

### Node 版本管理工具n与nvm的区别

n是一个全局的npm package。
nvm不是一个npm package，而是一个独立软件包。

关于 Node 路径
n会先将指定版本的 Node 存储下来，然后将其复制到我们熟知的路径/usr/local/bin。所以node的路径永远是/usr/local/bin。
nvm将不同的 Node 版本存储到~/.nvm/<version>/下，然后修改$PATH，将指定版本的 Node 路径加入，这样我们调用的node命令即是使用指定版本的 Node。所以需要手动指定路径。

对全局模块的管理
n不会管全局模块，因此有可能在切换了 Node 版本后发生全局模块执行出错的问题。
nvm的全局模块存在于各自版本的沙箱中，切换版本后需要重新安装，不同版本间也不存在任何冲突。



## API Docs

node [options] [v8 options] [script.js | -e "script"] [arguments]

node debug [script.js | -e "script" | <host>:<port>]

 require('assert');

Buffer.from Buffer.alloc, Buffer.allocUnsafe <-  Buffer()
node --zero-fill-buffers

ascii, utf8 , utf16le, ucs2, base64, binary, hex

TypeBuffer

const arr = new Uint16Array(2);
arr[0] = 5000;
arr[1] = 4000;

const buf1 = Buffer.from(arr); // copies the buffer
const buf2 = Buffer.from(arr.buffer); // shares the memory with arr;


const buf = Buffer.from([1, 2, 3]);

for (var b of buf)
  console.log(b)

// Prints:
//   1
//   2
//   3
Additionally, the buf.values(), buf.keys(), and buf.entries() methods can be used to create iterators.


buf.indexOf

* ChildProcess

Child Process, spaw, fork, exec, exeFile, return ChildProcess inherit from EventEmitter,
stdout, stderr(err,stdout,stderr)

It is important to keep in mind that spawned Node.js child processes are independent of the parent with exception of the IPC communication channel that is established between the two. Each process has it's own memory, with their own V8 instances. Because of the additional resource allocations required, spawning a large number of child Node.js processes is not recommended.


Example:  A very elaborate way to run ps aux | grep ssh

1. options.detached

On Windows, setting options.detached to true makes it possible for the child process to continue running after the parent exits. The child will have its own console window. Once enabled for a child process, it cannot be disabled.

On non-Windows platforms, if options.detached is set to true, the child process will be made the leader of a new process group and session. Note that child processes may continue running after the parent exits regardless of whether they are detached or not. See setsid(2) for more information.


By default, the parent will wait for the detached child to exit. To prevent the parent from waiting for a given child, use the child.unref() method. Doing so will cause the parent's event loop to not include the child in its reference count, allowing the parent to exit independently of the child, unless there is an established IPC channel between the child and parent.

When using the detached option to start a long-running process, the process will not stay running in the background after the parent exits unless it is provided with a stdio configuration that is not connected to the parent. If the parent's stdio is inherited, the child will remain attached to the controlling terminal.

Example of a long-running process, by detaching and also ignoring its parent stdio file descriptors, in order to ignore the parent's termination:

```
const spawn = require('child_process').spawn;

const child = spawn(process.argv[0], ['child_program.js'], {
  detached: true,
  stdio: ['ignore']
});

child.unref();

```

It is worth noting that when an IPC channel is established between the parent and child processes, and the child is a Node.js process, the child is launched with the IPC channel unreferenced (using unref()) until the child registers an event handler for the process.on('disconnect') event. This allows the child to exit normally without the process being held open by the open IPC channel.


ChildProcess:
close,   disconnect, child.connected = false

The 'disconnect' event is emitted after calling the child.disconnect() method in parent process or process.disconnect() in child process. After disconnecting it is no longer possible to send or receive messages, and the child.connected property is false.

child.pid

child.send(message[, sendHandle[, options]][, callback])#

message <Object>
sendHandle <Handle>
options <Object>
callback <Function>
Return: <Boolean>
When an IPC channel has been established between the parent and child ( i.e. when using child_process.fork()), the child.send() method can be used to send messages to the child process. When the child process is a Node.js instance, these messages can be received via the process.on('message') event.



For example, in the parent script:

const cp = require('child_process');
const n = cp.fork(`${__dirname}/sub.js`);

n.on('message', (m) => {
  console.log('PARENT got message:', m);
});

n.send({ hello: 'world' });
And then the child script, 'sub.js' might look like this:

process.on('message', (m) => {
  console.log('CHILD got message:', m);
});

process.send({ foo: 'bar' });


