---
---
layout: post
title:  "v8"
date:   2016-06-02 13:35:30
categories: allen.hu update
---

#  V8

V8 is Google's open source JavaScript engine.

V8 implements ECMAScript as specified in ECMA-262.

V8 is written in C++ and is used in Google Chrome, the open source browser from Google.

V8 can run standalone, or can be embedded into any C++ application.

V8 Project page: https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki

V8 implements ECMAScript as specified in ECMA-262, 5th edition, and runs on Windows (XP or newer), Mac OS X (10.5 or newer), and Linux systems that use IA-32, x64, or ARM processors.

V8 enables any C++ application to expose its own objects and functions to JavaScript code. It's up to you to decide on the objects and functions you would like to expose to JavaScript. There are many examples of applications that do this, for example: Adobe Flash and the Dashboard Widgets in Apple's Mac OS X and Yahoo! Widgets.



[v8]()



## [Contributing](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/Contributing)


## HellWorld

[HellWorld](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/Getting%20Started%20with%20Embedding)

The concepts:
1. An isolate is a VM instance with its own heap.
2. A local handle is a pointer to an object. All V8 objects are accessed using handles, they are necessary because of the way the V8 garbage collector works.
3. A handle scope can be thought of as a container for any number of handles. When you've finished with your handles, instead of deleting each one individually you can simply delete their scope.
4. A context is an execution environment that allows separate, unrelated, JavaScript code to run in a single instance of V8. You must explicitly specify the context in which you want any JavaScript code to be run.

···
// Copyright 2015 the V8 project authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <string.h>
#include "include/libplatform/libplatform.h"
#include "include/v8.h"
using namespace v8;
class ArrayBufferAllocator : public v8::ArrayBuffer::Allocator {
 public:
  virtual void* Allocate(size_t length) {
    void* data = AllocateUninitialized(length);
    return data == NULL ? data : memset(data, 0, length);
  }
  virtual void* AllocateUninitialized(size_t length) { return malloc(length); }
  virtual void Free(void* data, size_t) { free(data); }
};
int main(int argc, char* argv[]) {
  // Initialize V8.
  V8::InitializeICU();
  V8::InitializeExternalStartupData(argv[0]);
  Platform* platform = platform::CreateDefaultPlatform();
  V8::InitializePlatform(platform);
  V8::Initialize();
  // Create a new Isolate and make it the current one.
  ArrayBufferAllocator allocator;
  Isolate::CreateParams create_params;
  create_params.array_buffer_allocator = &allocator;
  Isolate* isolate = Isolate::New(create_params);
  {
    Isolate::Scope isolate_scope(isolate);
    // Create a stack-allocated handle scope.
    HandleScope handle_scope(isolate);
    // Create a new context.
    Local<Context> context = Context::New(isolate);
    // Enter the context for compiling and running the hello world script.
    Context::Scope context_scope(context);
    // Create a string containing the JavaScript source code.
    Local<String> source =
        String::NewFromUtf8(isolate, "'Hello' + ', World!'",
                            NewStringType::kNormal).ToLocalChecked();
    // Compile the source code.
    Local<Script> script = Script::Compile(context, source).ToLocalChecked();
    // Run the script to get the result.
    Local<Value> result = script->Run(context).ToLocalChecked();
    // Convert the result to an UTF8 string and print it.
    String::Utf8Value utf8(result);
    printf("%s\n", *utf8);
  }
  // Dispose the isolate and tear down V8.
  isolate->Dispose();
  V8::Dispose();
  V8::ShutdownPlatform();
  delete platform;
  return 0;
}
···


Run the Example


g++ -I. hello_world.cpp -o hello_world -Wl,--start-group out/x64.release/obj.target/{tools/gyp/libv8_{base,libbase,external_snapshot,libplatform},third_party/icu/libicu{uc,i18n,data}}.a -Wl,--end-group -lrt -ldl -pthread -std=c++0x

## Embedder's Guide

[Embedder's Guide](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/Embedder's%20Guide)

The V8 API provides functions for compiling and executing scripts, accessing C++ methods and data structures, handling errors, and enabling security checks. Your application can use V8 just like any other C++ library. Your C++ code accesses V8 through the V8 API by including the header include/v8.h.


* g++ -I. hello.cc -o hello_world -Wl,--start-group ../../out/Release/obj.target{/deps/v8/tools/gyp/libv8_{base,libbase,libplatform},/tools/icu/libicu{stubdata,ucx,i18n,data}}.a -Wl,--end-group -lrt -ldl -pthread -std=c++0x

* g++ -I. hello.cc -o hello_world -Wl,--start-group ../../out/Release/lib{openssl,v8_libbase,zlib,icui18n,icudata,cares,v8_libplatform,v8_base,gtest,icutools,http_parser,icustubdata,uv,v8_nosnapshot,v8_snapshot,icuucx}.a -Wl,--end-group -lrt -ldl -pthread -std=c++0x

This document is intended for C++ programmers who want to embed the V8 JavaScript engine within a C++ application. It will help you to make your own application's C++ objects and methods available to JavaScript, and to make JavaScript objects and functions available to your C++ application.

### Handles and Garbage Collection

A handle provides a reference to a JavaScript object's location in the heap. The V8 garbage collector reclaims memory used by objects that can no longer again be accessed. During the garbage collection process the garbage collector often moves objects to different locations in the heap. When the garbage collector moves an object the garbage collector also updates all handles that refer to the object with the object's new location.

There are several types of handles:

* Local handles are held on a stack and are deleted when the appropriate destructor is called. These handles' lifetime is determined by a handle scope, which is often created at the beginning of a function call. When the handle scope is deleted, the garbage collector is free to deallocate those objects previously referenced by handles in the handle scope, provided they are no longer accessible from JavaScript or other handles. This type of handle is used in the example in Getting Started.

Local handles have the class Local<SomeType>.

* Persistent handles provide a reference to a heap-allocated JavaScript Object, just like a local handle. There are two flavors, which differ in the lifetime management of the reference they handle. Use a persistent handle when you need to keep a reference to an object for more than one function call, or when handle lifetimes do not correspond to C++ scopes. Google Chrome, for example, uses persistent handles to refer to Document Object Model (DOM) nodes. A persistent handle can be made weak, using PersistentBase::SetWeak, to trigger a callback from the garbage collector when the only references to an object are from weak persistent handles.

A UniquePersistent<SomeType> handle relies on C++ constructors and destructors to manage the lifetime of the underlying object.
A Persistent<SomeType> can be constructed with its constructor, but must be explicitly cleared with Persistent::Reset.

* There are other types of handles which are rarely used, that we will only briefly mention her

Eternal is a persistent handle for JavaScript objects that are expected to never be deleted. It is cheaper to use because it relieves the garbage collector from determining the liveness of that object.
Both Persistent and UniquePersistent cannot be copied, which makes them unsuitable as values with pre-C++11 standard library containers. PersistentValueMap and PersistentValueVector provide container classes for persistent values, with map and vector-like semantics. C++11 embedders do not require these, since C++11 move semantics solve the underlying problem.

It is important to be aware of one common pitfall with this model: you cannot return a local handle directly from a function that declares a handle scope. If you do the local handle you're trying to return will end up being deleted by the handle scope's destructor immediately before the function returns. The proper way to return a local handle is construct an EscapableHandleScope instead of a HandleScope and to call the Escape method on the handle scope, passing in the handle whose value you want to return. Here's an example of how that works in practice:

```
// This function returns a new array with three elements, x, y, and z.
Local<Array> NewPointArray(int x, int y, int z) {
  v8::Isolate* isolate = v8::Isolate::GetCurrent();

  // We will be creating temporary handles so we use a handle scope.
  EscapableHandleScope handle_scope(isolate);

  // Create a new empty array.
  Local<Array> array = Array::New(isolate, 3);

  // Return an empty result if there was an error creating the array.
  if (array.IsEmpty())
    return Local<Array>();

  // Fill out the values
  array->Set(0, Integer::New(isolate, x));
  array->Set(1, Integer::New(isolate, y));
  array->Set(2, Integer::New(isolate, z));

  // Return the value through Escape.
  return handle_scope.Escape(array);
}

```

### Context

In V8, a context is an execution environment that allows separate, unrelated, JavaScript applications to run in a single instance of V8. You must explicitly specify the context in which you want any JavaScript code to be run.


## V8 public API compatibility

V8 public API (basically the files under include/ directory) may change over time. New types/methods may be added without breaking existing functionality. When we decide that want to drop some existing class/methods, we first mark it with V8_DEPRECATED macro which will cause compile time warnings when the deprecated methods are called by the embedder. We keep deprecated method for one branch and then remove it. E.g. if v8::CpuProfiler::FindCpuProfile was plain non deprecated in 3.17 branch, marked as V8_DEPRECATED in 3.18, it may well be removed in 3.19 branch.

In terms of CPU time and memory, it might seem an expensive operation to create a new execution context given the number of built-in objects that must be built. However, V8's extensive caching ensures that, while the first context you create is somewhat expensive, subsequent contexts are much cheaper. This is because the first context needs to create the built-in objects and parse the built-in JavaScript code while subsequent contexts only have to create the built-in objects for their context. With the V8 snapshot feature (activated with build option snapshot=yes, which is the default) the time spent creating the first context will be highly optimized as a snapshot includes a serialized heap which contains already compiled code for the built-in JavaScript code. Along with garbage collection, V8's extensive caching is also key to V8's performance, for more information see V8 Design Elements.

### Template

A template is a blueprint for JavaScript functions and objects in a context. You can use a template to wrap C++ functions and data structures within JavaScript objects so that they can be manipulated by JavaScript scripts. For example, Google Chrome uses templates to wrap C++ DOM nodes as JavaScript objects and to install functions in the global namespace. You can create a set of templates and then use the same ones for every new context you make. You can have as many templates as you require. However you can only have one instance of any template in any given context.

There are two types of templates:

* Function templates

A function template is the blueprint for a single function. You create a JavaScript instance of the template by calling the template's GetFunction method from within the context in which you wish to instantiate the JavaScript function. You can also associate a C++ callback with a function template which is called when the JavaScript function instance is invoked.

* Object templates

Each function template has an associated object template. This is used to configure objects created with this function as their constructor. You can associate two types of C++ callbacks with object templates:

accessor callbacks are invoked when a specific object property is accessed by a script
interceptor callbacks are invoked when any object property is accessed by a script Accessors and interceptors are discussed later in this document.

```
// Create a template for the global object and set the
// built-in global functions.
Local<ObjectTemplate> global = ObjectTemplate::New(isolate);
global->Set(String::NewFromUtf8(isolate, "log"), FunctionTemplate::New(isolate, LogCallback));

// Each processor gets its own context so different processors
// do not affect each other.
Persistent<Context> context = Context::New(isolate, NULL, global);
```

### Ａccessors

An accessor is a C++ callback that calculates and returns a value when an object property is accessed by a JavaScript script.

* Accessing Static Global Variables

Let's say there are two C++ integer variables, x and y that are to be made available to JavaScript as global variables within a context. To do this, you need to call C++ accessor functions whenever a script reads or writes those variables. These accessor functions convert a C++ integer to a JavaScript integer using Integer::New, and convert a JavaScript integer to a C++ integer using Int32Value. An example is provided below:

```
void XGetter(Local<String> property,
              const PropertyCallbackInfo<Value>& info) {
  info.GetReturnValue().Set(x);
}

void XSetter(Local<String> property, Local<Value> value,
             const PropertyCallbackInfo<Value>& info) {
  x = value->Int32Value();
}

// YGetter/YSetter are so similar they are omitted for brevity

Local<ObjectTemplate> global_templ = ObjectTemplate::New(isolate);
global_templ->SetAccessor(String::NewFromUtf8(isolate, "x"), XGetter, XSetter);
global_templ->SetAccessor(String::NewFromUtf8(isolate, "y"), YGetter, YSetter);
Persistent<Context> context = Context::New(isolate, NULL, global_templ);

```

Note that the object template in the code above is created at the same time as the context. The template could have been created in advance and then used for any number of contexts.

#### Accessing Dynamic Variables

### Interceptors

You can also specify a callback for whenever a script accesses any object property. These are called interceptors. For efficiency, there are two types of interceptors:


## Releease Process


The V8 release process is tightly connected to Chrome's. The V8 team is using all four Chrome release channels to push new versions to the users.

If you want to look up what V8 version is in a Chrome release you can check OmahaProxy. For each Chrome release a separate branch is created in the V8 repository to make the trace-back easier e.g. for Chrome 45.0.2413.0.

[OmahaProx](https://omahaproxy.appspot.com/)

## Security Model

Same origin policy , All three must match for two webpages to be considered to have the same origin.

You can optionally specify a security token with SetSecurityToken when you set up a context. If you do not specify a security token V8 will automatically generate one for the context you are creating.

You can optionally specify a security token with SetSecurityToken when you set up a context. If you do not specify a security token V8 will automatically generate one for the context you are creating.

### Exceptions


V8 will throw an exception if an error occurs - for example, when a script or function attempts to read a property that does not exist, or if a function is called that is not a function.

V8 returns an empty handle if an operation did not succeed. It is therefore important that your code checks a return value is not an empty handle before continuing execution. Check for an empty handle with the Local class's public member function IsEmpty().

You can catch exceptions with TryCatch, for example:

```
TryCatch trycatch(isolate);
Local<Value> v = script->Run();
if (v.IsEmpty()) {
  Local<Value> exception = trycatch.Exception();
  String::Utf8Value exception_str(exception);
  printf("Exception: %s\n", *exception_str);
  // ...
}
```

If the value returned is an empty handle, and you do not have a TryCatch in place, your code must bail out. If you do have a TryCatch the exception is caught and your code is allowed to continue processing.


###  Inheritance

JavaScript is a class-free, object-oriented language, and as such, it uses prototypal inheritance instead of classical inheritance. This can be puzzling to programmers trained in conventional object-oriented languages like C++ and Java.

Class-based object-oriented languages, such as Java and C++, are founded on the concept of two distinct entities: classes and instances. JavaScript is a prototype-based language and so does not make this distinction: it simply has objects. JavaScript does not natively support the declaration of class hierarchies; however, JavaScript's prototype mechanism simplifies the process of adding custom properties and methods to all instances of an object. In JavaScript, you can add custom properties to objects. For example:

```
// Create an object "bicycle"
function bicycle(){
}
// Create an instance of bicycle called roadbike
var roadbike = new bicycle()
// Define a custom property, wheels, on roadbike
roadbike.wheels = 2
```

A custom property added this way only exists for that instance of the object. If we create another instance of bicycle(), called mountainbike for example, mountainbike.wheels would return undefined unless the wheels property is explicitly added.

Sometimes this is exactly what is required, at other times it would be helpful to add the custom property to all instances of an object - all bicycles have wheels after all. This is where the prototype object of JavaScript is very useful. To use the prototype object, reference the keyword prototype on the object before adding the custom property to it as follows:

```
// First, create the "bicycle" object
function bicycle(){
}
// Assign the wheels property to the object's prototype
bicycle.prototype.wheels = 2
```

All instances of bicycle() will now have the wheels property prebuilt into them.

The same approach is used in V8 with templates. Each FunctionTemplate has a PrototypeTemplate method which gives a template for the function's prototype. You can set properties, and associate C++ functions with those properties, on a PrototypeTemplate which will then be present on all instances of the corresponding FunctionTemplate. For example:

```
Local<FunctionTemplate> biketemplate = FunctionTemplate::New(isolate);
biketemplate->PrototypeTemplate().Set(
    String::NewFromUtf8(isolate, "wheels"),
    FunctionTemplate::New(isolate, MyWheelsMethodCallback)->GetFunction();
)
```

This causes all instances of biketemplate to have a wheels method in their prototype chain which, when called, causes the C++ function MyWheelsMethodCallback to be called.

V8's FunctionTemplate class provides the public member function Inherit() which you can call when you want a function template to inherit from another function template, as follows:

```
void Inherit(Local<FunctionTemplate> parent);
```

## Design Elements

There are three key areas to V8's performance:

1. Fast Property Access
2. Dynamic Machine Code Generation
3. Efficient Garbage Collection

###  Fast Property Access

JavaScript is a dynamic programming language: properties can be added to, and deleted from, objects on the fly. This means an object's properties are likely to change. Most JavaScript engines use a dictionary-like data structure as storage for object properties - each property access requires a dynamic lookup to resolve the property's location in memory. This approach makes accessing properties in JavaScript typically much slower than accessing instance variables in programming languages like Java and Smalltalk. In these languages, instance variables are located at fixed offsets determined by the compiler due to the fixed object layout defined by the object's class. Access is simply a matter of a memory load or store, often requiring only a single instruction.

To reduce the time required to access JavaScript properties, V8 does not use dynamic lookup to access properties. Instead, V8 dynamically creates hidden classes behind the scenes. This basic idea is not new - the prototype-based programming language Self used maps to do something similar. (See for example, An Efficient Implementation of Self, a Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Language Based on Prototypes). In V8, an object changes its hidden class when a new property is added.


Even though JavaScript is more dynamic than most object oriented languages, the runtime behavior of most JavaScript programs results in a high degree of structure-sharing using the above approach. There are two advantages to using hidden classes: property access does not require a dictionary lookup, and they enable V8 to use the classic class-based optimization, inline caching. For more on inline caching see Efficient Implementation of the Smalltalk-80 System

### Dynamic Machine Code Generation

V8 compiles JavaScript source code directly into machine code when it is first executed. There are no intermediate byte codes, no interpreter. Property access is handled by inline cache code that may be patched with other machine instructions as V8 executes.

During initial execution of the code for accessing a property of a given object, V8 determines the object's current hidden class. V8 optimizes property access by predicting that this class will also be used for all future objects accessed in the same section of code and uses the information in the class to patch the inline cache code to use the hidden class. If V8 has predicted correctly the property's value is assigned (or fetched) in a single operation. If the prediction is incorrect, V8 patches the code to remove the optimisation.

If the object's hidden class does not match the cached hidden class, execution jumps to the V8 runtime system that handles inline cache misses and patches the inline cache code. If there is a match, which is the common case, the value of the x property is simply retrieved.

When there are many objects with the same hidden class the same benefits are obtained as for most static languages. The combination of using hidden classes to access properties with inline caching and machine code generation optimises for cases where the same type of object is frequently created and accessed in a similar way. This greatly improves the speed at which most JavaScript code can be executed.

Hidden Class was cached,

### Efficient Garbage Collection

V8 reclaims memory used by objects that are no longer required in a process known as garbage collection. To ensure fast object allocation, short garbage collection pauses, and no memory fragmentation V8 employs a stop-the-world, generational, accurate, garbage collector. This means that V8:

stops program execution when performing a garbage collection cycle.
processes only part of the object heap in most garbage collection cycles. This minimizes the impact of stopping the application.
always knows exactly where all objects and pointers are in memory. This avoids falsely identifying objects as pointers which can result in memory leaks.
In V8, the object heap is segmented into two parts: new space where objects are created, and old space to which objects surviving a garbage collection cycle are promoted. If an object is moved in a garbage collection cycle, V8 updates all pointers to the object.

## D8 on Android

[D8 on Android](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/D8%20on%20Android)

## Contributing

### Code of conduct

### Committer's responsibility

### Testing

V8 includes a test framework that allows you to test the engine. The framework lets you run both our own test suites that are included with the source code and others, currently only the Mozilla tests.

Running the V8 tests

Before you run the tests, you will have to build V8 with GYP using the instructions here

You can append .check to any build target to have tests run for it, e.g.

make ia32.release.check
make ia32.check
make release.check
make check # builds and tests everything (no dot before "check"!)
Before submitting patches, you should always run the quickcheck target, which builds a fast debug build and runs only the most relevant tests:

make quickcheck
You can also run tests manually:

tools/run-tests.py --arch-and-mode=ia32.release [--outdir=foo]
Or you can run individual tests:

tools/run-tests.py --arch=ia32 cctest/test-heap/SymbolTable mjsunit/delete-in-eval
Run the script with --help to find out about its other options, --outdir defaults to out. Also note that using the cctest binary to run multiple tests in one process is not supported.

Running the Mozilla and Test262 tests

The V8 test framework comes with support for running the Mozilla as well as the Test262 test suite. To download the test suites and then run them for the first time, do the following:

tools/run-tests.py --download-data mozilla
tools/run-tests.py --download-data test262
To run the tests subsequently, you may omit the flag that downloads the test suite:

tools/run-tests.py mozilla
tools/run-tests.py test262
Note that V8 fails a number of Mozilla tests because they require Firefox-specific extensions.

Running the WebKit tests

Sometimes all of the above tests pass but WebKit build bots fail. To make sure WebKit tests pass run:

tools/run-tests.py --progress=verbose --outdir=out --arch=ia32 --mode=release webkit --timeout=200
Replace --arch and other parameters with values that match your build options.

### Release Process

 [v8.git](https://chromium.googlesource.com/v8/v8.git/+/roll)

### Merging & Patching

### How to get an issue triaged

### Cpp Style guilde

[Coding Style](https://www.chromium.org/developers/coding-style)
[Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)

### Handling of Ports

### Debugging Protocol

### Stack Trace API

Basic stack traces, By default , almost all errors thrown by V8 have a `stack` property that holds the topmost 10 stack frames.

```
Error.stackTraceLimit = 0
```
Setting it to 0 will disable stack trace collection.

Stack trace collection for custom exceptions

```
Error.captureStackTrace(error, constructorOpt)
Error.prepareStackTrace(error, structuredStackTrace)

```

### ARM Debugging

### GDB JIT Interface

### V8 Profiler


[V8 Profiler](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/V8%20Profiler)
V8 has built-in sample based profiling. Profiling is turned off by default, but can be enabled via the --prof command line option. The sampler records stacks of both JavaScript and C/C++ code.

* Snapshot-based VM build and builtins reporting

When a snapshot-based VM build is being used, code objects from a snapshot that don't correspond to functions are reported with generic names like "A builtin from the snapshot", because their real names are not stored in the snapshot. To see the names the following steps must be taken:

--log-snapshot-positions flag must be passed to VM (along with --prof); this way, for deserialized objects the (memory address, snapshot offset) pairs are being emitted into profiler log;

--snapshot-log=<log file from mksnapshot> flag must be passed to the tick processor script; a log file from the mksnapshot program (a snapshot log) contains address-offset pairs for serialized objects, and their names; using the snapshot log, names can be mapped onto deserialized objects during profiler log processing; the snapshot log file is called snapshot.log and resides alongside with V8's compiled files.

An example of usage:

```
out/ia32.release/d8 --prof --log-snapshot-positions script.js
tools/linux-tick-processor --snapshot-log=out/ia32.release/obj.target/v8_snapshot/geni/snapshot.log v8.log
```

* Programmatic Control of Profilling

If you would like to control in your application when profile samples are collected, you can do so.

First you'll probably want to use the --noprof-auto command line switch which prevents the profiler from automatically starting to record profile ticks.

Profile ticks will not be recorded until your application specifically invokes these APIs:

```
V8::ResumeProfiler() - start/resume collection of data
V8::PauseProfiler() - pause collection of data
```

* Timeline plot

To create a timeline plot, run V8 as described above, with the option --log-timer-events additional to --prof:

### Using V8's Internal Profiler

### Profiling Chromium with v8

### Embedder's Guide

### Runtime functions

Much of the JavaScript library is implemented in JavaScript code itself, using a minimal set of C++ runtime functions callable from JavaScript. Some of these are called using names that start with %, and using the flag "--allow-natives-syntax". Others are only called by code generated by the code generators, and are not visible in JS, even using the % syntax.

### i18n support

ECMAScript 402
V8 optionally implements the ECMAScript 402 API. The API is enabled by default, but can be turned off at compile time.

Prerequisites

The i18n implementation adds a dependency on ICU. If you run

make dependencies
a suitable version of ICU is checked out into third_party/icu.

Alternative ICU checkout

You can check out the ICU sources at a different location and define the gyp variable icu_gyp_path to point at the icu.gyp file.

System ICU

Last but not least, you can compile V8 against a version of ICU installed in your system. To do so, specify the gyp variable use_system_icu=1. If you also have want_separate_host_toolset enabled, the bundled ICU will still be compiled to generate the V8 snapshot. The system ICU will only be used for the target architecture.

Embedding V8

If you embed V8 in your application, but your application itself doesn't use ICU, you will need to initialize ICU before calling into V8 by executing:

v8::V8::InitializeICU();
It is safe to invoke this method if ICU was not compiled in, then it does nothing.

Compiling without i18n support

To build V8 without i18n support use

make i18nsupport=off native

### Strong Mode  & SoundScript

Typescript

[Typescript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/)

### Interpreter

[Interpreter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11T2CRex9hXxoJwbYqVQ32yIPMh0uouUZLdyrtmMoL44/edit?ts=56f27d9d&pref=2&pli=1#heading=h.eu9pshacclpj)

### TurbonFan

[TurbonFan](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/TurboFan)


## V8 API Changes

[V8 API Changes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g8JFi8T_oAE_7uAri7Njtig7fKaPDfotU6huOa1alds/edit?pref=2&pli=1)

## Building with Gyp

[Building with Gyp](https://github.com/v8/v8/wiki/Building%20with%20Gyp)

Build issues? File a bug at [issues](code.google.com/p/v8/issues) or ask for help on v8-users@googlegroups.com


GCC + make

Requires GNU make 3.81 or later. Should work with any GCC >= 4.8 or any recent clang (3.5 highly recommended).

The top-level Makefile defines a number of targets for each target architecture (ia32, x64, arm, arm64) and mode (debug, optdebug, or release). So your basic command for building is:

make ia32.release

Optional parameters:
-j:    distcc   -j100
OUTDIR=foo defautl to ./out/.
library=shared or component=shared_library   libv8.so
some_version=1.2.3,  libv8.so.1.2.3
console=readline
snapshot=off
gdbjit=on
liveobjectlist=on enables the Live Object List feature.
debuggersupport=off disables the javascript debugger.
werror=no


## Install depot_tools

$ git clone https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/tools/depot_tools.git

Add depot_tools to your PATH:
$ export PATH=`pwd`/depot_tools:"$PATH"

* Fetching all branches


For fetching all branches, add the following into your remote configuration in .git/config:

    fetch = +refs/branch-heads/*:refs/remotes/branch-heads/*
    fetch = +refs/tags/*:refs/tags/*

    ## 手工发消息就好了。
    https://www.npmjs.com/package/v8-profiler



Node.js & APM
Node.js 内存管理
Node.js 内存泄漏
1. Well, V8 JS does not have memory leaks, only forgetten variables.
2. 堆上泄漏
   1.全局变量
   2.闭包
   3.定时器


内存泄漏排查
1. memwatch
2. v8-profiler（实时headdump） & node-inspector(可视调试)
3. node-headdump
    kill -USR2 your_node_pid
    内部定时任务
    通过devTools查看堆快照

4. alinode
安装alinode运行时
生产环境
不需要修改用户代码
深度监控
发现问题，直接做headdump
cpu-profiling
1. alinode支持在线cpu-profiling
2. 生产环境做3分钟profiling
 https://alinode/com/blog/18(v8 profiler 揭秘)


--profilder参数 -d8 对应的版本，

小结
memwatch/v8-profiler+node-inspector/headdump
1. 使用复杂
2. 不适合放到生产环境
3. 需要另外的工具监控
4. 堆分析依赖devTools, 不容易定位问题

alinode
1.部署简单
2.无需用户代码变更/监控不影响性能
3.生产环境调查问题的必要性
   1.
   当状态 Buffer 写到，另一个线程写Buffer
   死循环，正则表达式好几天，java里有 一个线程可以观察正则的执行
4.迅速定位问题
5.专家支持
6. 专业的人做专业的事情，总结各个用户遇到的问题


APM 的覆盖范围包括五个层次的实现：终端用户体验，应用架构映射，应用事务分析，深度应用诊断，和数据分析
Application Performance Management & Monitor.

Node.js堆构成
新生带New Space(from),新生带New Space(to)
老生带Olde Space
Cell区
Map区
code区
大对象区Large Object Space


