---
---
layout: post
title:  "ESLint"
date:   2016-05-17 13:35:30
categories: allen.hu update
---


# ESLint

[ESLint](http://eslint.org/) The pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and JSX.

## About

ESLint is an open source JavaScript linting utility originally created by Nicholas C. Zakas in June 2013. Code linting is a type of static analysis that is frequently used to find problematic patterns or code that doesn’t adhere to certain style guidelines. There are code linters for most programming languages, and compilers sometimes incorporate linting into the compilation process.

JavaScript, being a dynamic and loosely-typed language, is especially prone to developer error. Without the benefit of a compilation process, JavaScript code is typically executed in order to find syntax or other errors. Linting tools like ESLint allow developers to discover problems with their JavaScript code without executing it.

The primary reason ESLint was created was to allow developers to create their own linting rules. ESLint is designed to have all rules completely pluggable. The default rules are written just like any plugin rules would be. They can all follow the same pattern, both for the rules themselves as well as tests. While ESLint will ship with some built-in rules to make it useful from the start, you’ll be able to dynamically load rules at any point in time.


Philosophy:

Everything is pluggable.

* Rule API is used both by bundled and custom rules
* Formatter API is used both by bundled and custom formatters
* Additional rules and formatters can be specified at runtime
* Rules and formatters don’t have to be bundled to be used


## Rules List

Rules in ESLint are grouped by category to help you understand their purpose.

No rules are enabled by default. The `"extends":"eslint:recommended"` property in a `configuration file ` enables rules that report common problems, which have a check mark OK below.

The `--fix` option on the `command line` automatically fixes problems(currently mostly whitespace) reported by rules wich have a wrench below.

* Possible Errors
* Best Practices
* Strict Mode
* Variables
* Node.js and CommonJS
	These rules relate to code running in Node.js, or in browsers with CommonJS.
* Stylistic Issues
  These rules relate to style guidelines, and are therefore quite subjective.
  wrench
* ECMAScript6
 These rules relate to ES6, also known as ES2005.
* Removed
  These rules from older version of ESLint have been replaced by newer rules.


## Command Line Interface

```
npm i -g eslint
```

eslint [options] [file|dir|glob]

eslint -h

```
Basic configuration:
  -c, --config path::String   Use configuration from this file or shareable config
  --no-eslintrc               Disable use of configuration from .eslintrc
  --env [String]              Specify environments
  --ext [String]              Specify JavaScript file extensions - default: .js
  --global [String]           Define global variables
  --parser String             Specify the parser to be used
  --parser-options Object     Specify parser options

Caching:
  --cache                     Only check changed files - default: false
  --cache-file path::String   Path to the cache file. Deprecated: use --cache-location - default: .eslintcache
  --cache-location path::String  Path to the cache file or directory

Specifying rules and plugins:
  --rulesdir [path::String]   Use additional rules from this directory
  --plugin [String]           Specify plugins
  --rule Object               Specify rules

Ignoring files:
  --ignore-path path::String  Specify path of ignore file
  --no-ignore                 Disable use of .eslintignore
  --ignore-pattern [String]   Pattern of files to ignore (in addition to those in .eslintignore)
```

## Configuring ESLint

[Cofiguring ESLint](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)

* Specifying Parse Options

ESLint allows you to specify the JavaScript language options you want to support. By default, ESLint supports only ECMAScript 5 syntax. You can override that setting to enable support for ECMAScript 6 and 7 as well as JSX by using parser options.

Please note that supporting JSX syntax is not the same as supporting React. React applies specific semantics to JSX syntax that ESLint doesn’t recognize. We recommend using eslint-plugin-react if you are using React and want React semantics.

* Specifying Parser

The following parsers are compatible with ESLint:

Esprima
Babel-ESLint - A wrapper around the Babel parser that makes it compatible with ESLint.

## Spcifying Environments

* browser
* node
* commonjs
* shared-node-browser
* worker
* es6
* amdn
* mocha
* jasmine
* jest
* phantomjs
* protractor
* qunit
* jquery
* prototypes
* shelljs
* meteor
* mongo
* applescript
* nashorn
* serviceworker
* atomtest
* embertest
* webextensions
* greasemonkey

## Configuring Rules

"off" or 0 - turn the rule off
"warn" or 1 - turn the rule on as a warning (doesn’t affect exit code)
"error" or 2 - turn the rule on as an error (exit code is 1 when triggered)

## Adding Shared Settings

ESLint supports adding shared settings into configuration file. You can add settings object to ESLint configuration file and it will be supplied to every rule that will be executed. This may be useful if you are adding custom rules and want them to have access to the same information and be easily configurable.

```
{
    "settings": {
        "sharedData": "Hello"
    }
}

* Configuration File Formats

If there are multiple configuration files in the same directory, ESLint will only use one. The priority order is:

.eslintrc.js
.eslintrc.yaml
.eslintrc.yml
.eslintrc.json
.eslintrc
package.json

```

* Configuration Cascading and Hierarchy

When using .eslintrc.* and package.json files for configuration, you can take advantage of configuration cascading. For instance, suppose you have the following structure:


```
your-project
├── .eslintrc
├── lib
│ └── source.js
└─┬ tests
  ├── .eslintrc
  └── test.js
```

Note: If you have a personal configuration file in your home directory (~/.eslintrc), it will only be used if no other configuration files are found. Since a personal configuration would apply to everything inside of a user’s directory, including third-party code, this could cause problems when running ESLint.


By default, ESLint will look for configuration files in all parent folders up to the root directory. This can be useful if you want all of your projects to follow a certain convention, but can sometimes lead to unexpected results. To limit ESLint to a specific project, place "root": true inside the eslintConfig field of the package.json file or in the .eslintrc.* file at your project’s root level. ESLint will stop looking in parent folders once it finds a configuration with "root": true.

```
{
    "root": true
}
```

## Extending Configuration Files

```
{
    "extends": "./node_modules/coding-standard/.eslintrc",

    "rules": {
        // Override any settings from the "parent" configuration
        "eqeqeq": 1
    }
}
```

* Comments in Configuration Files

```
{
    "env": {
        "browser": true
    },
    "rules": {
        // Override our default settings just for this directory
        "eqeqeq": "warn",
        "strict": "off"
    }
}
```

* Ignoring Files and Directories.

You can tell ESLint to ignore specific files and directories by creating an .eslintignore file in your project’s root directory. The .eslintignore file is a plain text file where each line is a glob pattern indicating which paths should be omitted from linting. For example, the following will omit all JavaScript files:

# Developer Guide

* Step 1
 Get Source coe

* Step 2
  Development Environment

  Add the upstream source

  he upstream source is the main ESLint repository that active development happens on. While you won’t have push access to upstream, you will have pull access, allowing you to pull in the latest code whenever you want.

To add the upstream source for ESLint, run the following in your repository:

```
git remote add upstream git@github.com:eslint/eslint.git
```

* npm install -g generator-eslint
* npm install -g generator-eslint


* step 3
 Working with Rules


